feat: adding the OOP platformer project to new JS curriculum (#50385)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-oop-by-building-a-platformer-game/64cb24c224ac2c61fa1c70aa.md

---
id: 64cb24c224ac2c61fa1c70aa
title: Step 88
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-88
---

# --description--

> Inside the body of the `if` statement, assign the sum of the platform's `y` position and height to the player's `y` position. Then, assign `gravity` to the player's `y` velocity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the body of the `if` statement, set the player's `y` position to the sum of the platform's `y` position and height. Next, set the player's `y` velocity to `gravity`.
```

Reviewer: Could we simplify this even further? It seems to complicated.

> Now when you start the game, you will will be able to jump underneath the platform and collide with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, when you start the game, you will be able to jump underneath the platform and collide with it.
```
